>> Mike North: All right welcome back,
so we're going to
jump into this first exercise here,
or sorry this third exercise here.
The scenario I want you to imagine,
we don't have this implemented in our app
because it would make this a little bit
more difficult to play with,
certainly not impossible, but
we want to allow image uploads which
are hosted on the same domain as our app.
The important thing that this introduces
is any script that is in this that we can
trick the browser into executing,
that will be a same origin
request with the credentials that
are associated with this origin.
You'll get that cookie.
If you transfer a bank
account balance like that,
you're credentials will be passed along.
So we're gonna allow users to
upload images, and for some reason
because the product team requested it,
you just have the ability to rename stuff.
So essentially they end up with
the ability to get the squirrel.html file.
So we already saw what happens
when we visit that URL.
Basically it's the same file,
it is that squirrel.html and
squirrel.jpg in your examples folder.
They are byte for byte identical,
except based on whether we are requesting
it as a document request or
whether it's an image, the browser's
going to treat it completely differently.
So in terms of creating mischief, you
have a little tool that I built for you.
And I did not build
the interesting part of this,
which is the library that reads and
writes this data.
I simply built a little
command line thing around it.
So I don't deserve much credit here.
But you can run node and then it's this
program in the script folder called XFJS.
You can add double dash help to that if
you want to say something similar to what
you're looking at now.
But basically you can read that
text data that's in the comment
field of that jpeg header.
You can read that and
you pipe it to pbcopy.
That'll just add it to your clipboard.
The other command, the lower one,
it'll basically write data in a file
that you specify to that jpg header.
I'd do it this way because
one of the constraints here
has to do with this particular exploit,
I don't know if it's an exploit.
But this particular technique
can only be performed if
all of your text is on one single line.
So you can't have
a multiline html document.
It has to be one single line.
But what we're gonna do for
the second example,
we'll read everything in scratch.html,
which is a file you'd have to create,
and it'll put that into the jpg
under that comment field.
And so using this combination, you should
be able to manipulate that squirrel image
and cause some trouble with it, and
basically put your own text, replace the
text that's in there with your own text.
So I would advise like,
create an HTML file,
use the first command to get stuff
on the clipboard, paste that in,
use that as a starting point because there
is some stuff that's useful in there.
For example,
there are a few characters that begin,
think of it like the part of a file
that indicates that this is a JPG,
that ends up being rendered as text.
So if you were to select everything on
your screen you'd actually pick that up.
But we kind of hide that with a comment so
that's why our HTML might
begin with a comment so
that we get rid of all that garble mess.
So there are some things in there you
might wanna preserve, but you can
experiment with how this works and how the
browser responds to different MIME types.
Just note that you have to have one
line of stuff in that HTML file or
whatever text file you wanna create and
you can run the second command and
it'll write that data to the image and
then you can load it again in the browser.